Polisher operations in U2

In the Control Room, there is a polisher selector. Only a polisher with a green status light should be selected. If a polisher with a bypass is selected (red status), the plant should operate at minimal power for a limited time (points penalty applied). Changing active polishers should be coordinated with the polisher operator.

In the condenser hall, there is a polisher operating panel. Each polisher consists of a bypass valve, which should be activated before any activity is done (coordinate this first with the control room). Each polisher also has a recirculation valve and recirculation pump, which can be used to check polisher quality by measuring conductivity (33-35 uSm/cm is the normal output; a polisher can be used up to 50 uSm/cm, above that, random pump trips can happen). Each polisher also has a filter, the quality of which can be measured with differential pressure (anything above 3 bars can cause pump trips). Conductivity and differential pressure can also be checked when the polisher is operating with condensate water. The worse the condition of the polisher, the higher the chance of tripping the pumps. Users can decide not to regenerate the polishers and work with bypassed ones for a point reduction penalty.

To clean the polisher, it should first be bypassed. Then, an empty tank (3 are available) should be selected by properly setting the valves. Next, both water and air flushes should be initiated in sequence (buttons near the polisher symbol, and each step takes 3 minutes). When the polisher is empty, a tank with new resin (green light) should be selected by properly setting the valves, and the tank button should be pressed. This will transfer new resin into the polisher. After this process is completed, recirculation should be started to check the polisher's condition, and finally, the bypass should be disabled, and the Control Room should be advised that the given polisher is ready.

Old resin in a tank can be regenerated by pressing a button on the tank control. The entire process takes approximately 15 minutes and is fully automatic. Once the regeneration is complete, new resin will be available for use.

Polisher diodes: red - empty, green - operational, green flashing - resin is being refilled, yellow - awaiting air flush, yellow flashing - resin being ejected.
Tank diodes: red - empty, red flashing - resin is being loaded, yellow - awaiting regeneration, yellow flashing - regenerating, green - ready, green flashing - resin is being refilled into the polisher.
