Turbine operator both operates the turbine and dictates the water flow in the system and steam pressure. There are two main valves used for this matter. The bypass valve directs steam from the separators directly to the Condenser, therefore the steam is wasted. It should be used when the turbine is not running or when trying to synchronize the turbine to take excess steam flow. The Turbine Inlet Valve directs steam through the turbine and then again into the condenser. The latter valve obviously can be used only when the turbine is running.

The amount of steam generated by the reactor depends mostly on temperature and therefore is induced by reactor power. On low power, when there is not much steam, the operator should keep the valves closed to let the pressure build faster. On the other hand, when approaching 7 MPa of pressure the valves should be open to stop future raise. The more the valves are open and higher is the power of the reactor, more water will flow through the system, so everything must be coordinated with the Reactor Cooling Operator, so he can maintain proper water levels. Fast changes are not recommended as the operator might not be able to operate the valves quickly enough. Also, the Condenser operator should be aware of the changes, as steam flow dictates how much condenser circulation flow is needed to maintain proper vacuum level.

Be advised that the bypass valve cannot handle full reactor power, therefore power of the reactor should not be raised too high if the turbine is not running. Only a turbine valve can maintain enough flow to cool a reactor running on full power. If the turbine trips at full power, automatic reduction to 10% of power will be initiated. On lower power, it might be possible to maintain the reactor working, but you will still need to provide offsite power to the Main Bus A on the electrical panel for the pumps.

Pressure rate indicator tells us if the pressure is raising or dropping and should be used mostly when reaching maximum pressure of just over 7MPa to be able to stop on the pinpoint.

The turbine can be started whenever there is pressure available and proper vacuum level in the condenser (refer to Condenser panel) with 'Turn Gear' switch. From that moment, the inlet valve will dictate turbine speed. In reality, we don't want to speed up the turbine too fast, but at this moment no turbine damage is simulated. Turbine can be synced at around 10% of reactor power. It should give enough steam to speed up the turbine to 3600 RPM while still maintaining pressure well below maximum. When approaching the desired speed the operator should close the valve a little just to slow down the run-up ideally at 3600 RPM or very close. It won't be able to synchronize if turbine speed is changing too rapidly. If the pressure raises at that stage too much, the bypass valve can be used to keep it in line.

Once 3600 RPM is reached, the 'Sync' switch should be pressed. If successful now the governor will hold constant 3600 RPM and the steam flow through the valve will dictate generator load. In other words, the more steam flows through the turbine, the more electricity it will produce. 

Although it's the steam which generates the energy directly, it is the reactor which dictates how much energy can be produced. For example, the operator can open the valve to rise the generator load, but this will cause steam pressure to drop, so the higher load can't be maintained. In order to further increase generator load, reactor power has to be increased. This will give more pressure and after balancing all flows it will yield more electricity production. Power can be risen to 100% which will give around 1200 MW of power with all major pumps at around 75% load. Theoretically the reactor can be powered up to 120% (it will scram above that) which can give 1500 MW of power with almost 100% of pumps load, but this should not be done in normal circumstances.

Once synchronized, automatic pressure control can be enabled. It will hold pressure at desired, 7100 kPa level, but it will cause reduction in earned points.

During manual control following procedure should be used to meet the power demand. First a rough power setting should be achieved which is roughly equal demand/110 (i.e. 500 MW demand corresponds to 45% of power) while maintaining desired pressure of 7.1 MPa with the turbie valve. Once the power is stable now proper demand should be set with turbine valve taking into account also current site power needs (so that power sent to the network equals the demand). Turbine valve at this moment is considered to be setup, but the pressure and therefore power production will probably tend to change. This should be now corrected solely by changing the reactor power. If load drops, power should be increased if it increases power should be reduced. Pressure and load changes will have some natural lag to the reactor power change so it is advised not to make rapid changes to the reactor power. Ideally power sent to network should stabilise around demand with reactor period at infinity.
