An Additional Control Room was added specifically for the turbine operations of Unit #2. Please refer to checklists both in the Control Room and in Turbine Control Room on startup procedures. This guide only summarized the features.

Steam sealing control should be used whenever the turbine is rotating, but it requires condenser vacuum and steam available. Sealing should be kept at 0.25 bar with supply and leak off valves. Going out of the limits will reduce efficiency of the turbine and can cause steam leak into the turbine hall.
Oil pumps are provided to provide pressure for both lube and hydraulic oils. Below 1800 RPM auxiliary pumps should be used, above which they should be switched to off, as shaft pump kicks in. During lack of power situations, emergency pumps are provided to be used below 1800 RPM. Pressures should then self maintain around desired levels of 6 bar for lube and 12 bar for hydraulic oils.
Oil heating and cooling is done through heat exchanger supplied by either cool or hot water. Temperature should be kept at all time around 44.8C. Warm oil should also be distributed to the turbine before startup with turning gear switch.
Turbine casing heating should be done while on turning gear before the turbine is started. It requires hot steam from the reactor. In real life this process takes 8 hours but was shortened significantly.
The turning gear can be engaged while the turbine is stationary and then turned on to rotate the turbine. To disengage it, the turbine must come to a complete stop.
Generator cooling should be provided with outside cool air mixed with exaust air if needed (refer to humid air operations checklist)

Before operations make sure that oil valves are open. Startup procedure will require cooperation between both control rooms. Initial oil should be heated and distributed with turning gear, then Control Room needs to provide enough steam temperature for casing heating. With steam available and turbine rotating also, steam sealing must be setup properly. Once all lights, a green Control Room should be notified with turbine ready for run-up. If it can't be started with all green lights, the turbine operator should check the trip bolt at the generator (end of the turbine) and press it if needed.

Lube oil filters can be found in the turbine hall. There are two holders for the filters, one which is used and the other one where filter can be changed. They can be selected with a lever. This device also shows differential pressure. Typical values should be at 0.3-0.4 bar. If higher, a filter might be clogged and require change.

Once synced generator has to be provided with cooling air. Air valves are located below the generator (access with ladder from turbine hall). Cold valve will just cool the generator, while warm valve will mix hot air from the generator with cold outside air to reduce humidity. Effeciency of cooling depends on outside temperature, amount of valves open and generator load. In humid conditions warm valve should be at least at 2/5 of cold walve.

## Oil valves operations

Oil valves are located in the turbine hall. These are Emergency valve, Auxiliary valve, Main valve - for corresponding pumps. Main valve is operated by the shaft pump, the other pumps either for Aux or Emg pumps (refer to pump selector switches in Turbine Control Room). There is also a Backflow valve. Closing it will increase pressure. It can be used to counter a random pressure drop (these may happen sometimes) or to mitigate an oil leak for some time.

Oil leaks can happen whenever malfunctions are enabled. During a leak oil pressure will consntantly drop. Generally turbine should be tripped and leak check called for (radio on the desk in TCR), although it is possible to bypass the leak in main valve. In order to do that turbine has to be configured to work on Aux valve with Shaft pump totally isolated. The simplest way to achieve this is when working with the shaft pumps (selectors on Off), close the Aux valve to about 50% and then enable Aux pump by switching both selectors to Aux. Pressure will raise although it should hopefully stay in limit with Aux pump at 50%. Now simultanously Main valve should be totally closed and Aux valve totally opened. If done quickly this can be achieved by one user by first closing Main and immediately opening Aux. At the end turbine would be run with just Aux pump with Main pump isolated. 
Backflow valve should be used to adjust pressure. This procedure stops oil leak and allows to work normally although with reduced points gain as it is considered a temporary solution. Eventually oil leak will have to be repaired.
