Iodine-135 and Xenon-135 are important elements in managing reactor power.

Iodine-135 is a direct product of nuclear fission. It will be produced proportional to reactor thermal power. The indicator is scaled so as % of Iodine-135 concentration strictly corresponds to the % of reactor thermal power. Therefore, if the power is above concentration it will raise and if below it will drop as Iodine-135 decays into Xenon-135. The latter element is very important as it is a strong neutron absorber. Therefore, high levels of Xenon-135 will poison the reactor, making it much harder to reach critical level. The higher the Iodine-135 level, the quicker the Xenon-135 level will raise. Therefore, when shutting down the reactor from full power, when a lot of Iodine-135 was produced in the core, the Xenon-135 level can raise very quickly making re-starting of the reactor difficult (especially on low fuel levels).

On the other hand, Xenon-135 will decay with time, so after a shutdown operators might wait some time until Xenon-135 concentration drops. Xenon-135 will also be destroyed by high neutron flux, so it will drop quickly on high reactor power settings. You can experiment a bit and watch how the concentrations change. Dropping power will always increase Xenon-135, causing the power to drop even more. And on the other hand, raising the power will quicken Xenon-135 decay, leading to even more increase of power. This positive reactivity coefficient might be dangerous if not supervised correctly. Due to negative void and temperature coefficient, the reactor will stabilize itself around a given power. Unfortunately, due to Xenon, you will have to constantly correct reactor power until a balance is met in Xenon production and decay. Reactor on higher powers will generally power up, while on lower powers will power down.

In reality half-life times of both elements are 6 hours for Iodine-135 and 9 hours for Xenon-135 but for the sake of simulation this has been shortened several times. Still, it's not a very quick process, and you will have plenty of time to react. Just remember that after a new power setting even if the reactor is in perfectly stable condition it will change with time and will require some small adjustments.