While the game is designed to be operated by at least 2-3 players, sometimes you would like to play alone. In that case it might be difficult to control the Cooling Panel as it requires constant supervision. In that case, you can automate this process and focus on more important tasks like reactor and turbine control.

In order to enable automate cooling management, you will need to enable all pumps on the Cooling Panel. Also, be sure to leave all switches in neutral position. This should give you 7 green lights on the automatic control panel. Your next step will be to set proper set points. Suggested levels would be 0 for Hotwell, and 2 for Deaerator and Reactor. You will want to start generating some steam flow first, and then you can press START on the panel to automate the process.

The computer will do its best to maintain proper Reactor level and then also setup Deaerator level accordingly. It has no control over Hotwell level because steam flow is controlled by the turbine operator, but still when the flows are balanced it will use a makeup valve to fill or drain the Hotwell to the proper level. Because at the beginning the flows may not be well-balanced, it is wise to set Hotwell level to a lower value (like sugested 0 m) so the computer won't be injecting outside water too early.

Please be advised that the automatic control has its limits. It will not be able to balance flows quickly because it only reacts to the water levels and not the flows. Therefore, it may go out of balance if you change the flow too quickly. Be patient and increase reactor power and turbine flows slowly and give it some time to balance everything out after every change. Also, you will earn fewer points when playing with automatic control enabled. There is also a switch used to change how strongly the computer reacts when levels change. You can experiment with it. Generally faster setting should be preffered when changing powers and slower one for stable power output.