After some time, you may feel pretty confident at maintaining demanded power production. But you will have to face with another threat, which are possible malfunctions in the systems. The power plant won't warn you about them. You have to detect and deal with them yourself.

For this moment following systems may malfunction: Feedwater pumps, Circulation pumps, Condenser pumps, pre-heaters, Condenser Circulation pumps and both SJAE. A malfunctioning system will work on lower efficiency, and you may not notice at first, but once it's faulty it will only deteriorate. As a hint, you may use engineer's panel, which will give you average system condition. If it's below 100% something is faulty, and you have to start looking for it.

How to identify faults? Usually by comparison to other systems. Balance your flows and open a feed valve a little and see how the flow changes. Go back to previous setting and now try it with the second one. Is there a difference? You might have found what you were looking for. Turn off each preheater one by one and check if temperature drops to the same level. If it's higher, that's the faulty one. Condenser can be checked above 50% flow. Just turn off one pump and note the flow, then repeat on the other one. Circulation can be checked directly by looking at the flow. Condenser circulation pumps can be diagnosed same way as Condenser pumps while with SJAE you will have to experiment as with feedwater pumps (SJAE have little impact on condenser vacuum, so they are the most difficult to diagnose, especially on high reactor powers). Remember that in any system both pumps might be broken, and then you may not be abale to see the difference. 

Now you may either decide to ignore the malfunction for now, maybe to meet the demand for few minutes, but sooner or later you will have to repair it. To do so, you have to shut off the faulty device and then tag it with a yellow tag available from holders at the central desks. You can only tag devices that can break down. Just remember that at higher reactor powers, shutting down a feedwater or condenser pump might not be possible. Lower your power output first. Once you're done, you can phone to call a technician. He will investigate and if you are right, he will put his red tag on the device. Now you just have to wait patiently for the device to be repaired, and you are done. You will also earn points for every faulty device you detect and repair. But be advised, if you tag a device that is working perfectly, you won't gain any points at all.

Leakage is another problem you might face. If you suspect that your main cooling circuit might be loosing water due to a leak, then the best option will be to shut down the reactor into cold state and then use the FM radio on the supervisor desk to call for checks. If any leaks are found, they will be repaired and you will gain points. Some of the leaks can also be identified visually in the condenser hall.

Sometimes your reactor will go down for maintenance. This is the best moment to repair everything there is. And if you let the system deteriorate below 80% of condition, it will go for maintenance for sure. So it might be wise to actually remember which devices are faulty and continue working until that maintenance comes or until you are not able to meet the demand.